Added notes about supported Python versions and paths (#8)
signalfx/splunk-otel-python: README.md

> :construction: This project is currently in **BETA**.

> ## Python3.5+ only
> 
> This library does not support Python 2 and in fact only supports Python3.5+. If you still need Python 2 support,
> you should continue using signalfx-python-tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Requirements

This Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry requires Python 3.5 or later.
If you're still using Python 2, continue using the SignalFx Tracing Library
for Python.
```

    splk-py-trace python main.py --port=8000
```

Notes:
- Depending on the default python version on your system, you might want to use `pip3` and `python3` instead. 
- To be able to run `splk-py-trace` and `splk-py-trace-bootstrap`, the directory pip installs scripts to will
  have to be on your system's PATH environment variable. Generally, this works out of the box when using
  virtual environments, installing packages system-wide or in container images. In some cases, pip may install
  packages into your user local environment. In that case you'll need to add your Python user base's bin directory
  to your system path. You can find out your Python user base as follows by running `python -m site --user-base`.

  For example, if `python -m site --user-base` reports that `/Users/splunk/.local` as the Python user base, then
  you can add the directory to your path on Unix like system as follows:

  ```
  export PATH="/Users/splunk/.local/bin:$PATH"

>   ```

Reviewer: can we move this to the requirements section?

Author: I don't think these belong in requirements. They're helpful generic python tips and not very specific to this library.
